OPTIMIZED TV WEBSITE TERMS OF SERVICE

INTRODUCTION.  This Optimized TV Website Terms of Service and the Google Terms of Use (located at http://www.google.com/accounts/TOS) between Google Inc., for itself and its affiliates (“Google”), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, and you, sets forth the terms governing your use of the Optimized Template (defined below) (collectively, the “Agreement”). Google and you may be referred to individually as a “party” or collectively as “parties” in this Agreement.  You can accept this Agreement by:
a. clicking the “accept” or “agree” button below. The date you click to accept or agree is the effective date of this Agreement; or
b. by actually using the Optimized Template. In this case, you agree that use of the Optimized Template constitutes acceptance of the Agreement from that point onwards.
 You may not use the Optimized Template and may not accept this Agreement if you are a person barred from receiving the Optimized Template under the laws of the United States or other countries including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Optimized Template.  If you are agreeing to be bound by this Agreement on behalf of your employer or other entity, you represent and warrant that you have full legal authority to bind your employer or such entity to this Agreement. If you do not have the requisite authority, you may not accept the Agreement or use the Optimized Template on behalf of your employer or other entity.  1.  	DEFINITIONS.  a.  “Brand Features” means the trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features of each party, respectively, as owned (or licensed) by such party from time to time.  b.   “Distribution Partner” means a third party that has entered into a written agreement with Google in connection with the distribution of the Google TV Platform. 
c. “Google TV Device” means an electronic device that incorporates the Google TV Platform. 

d. “Google TV Platform” means a software platform and operating system developed and owned by Google that enables end users to receive an integrated television, video and web browsing experience that is delivered through a device that outputs to a HD screen, together with applications developed by or on behalf of Google and various third parties to complement the integrated TV-video-web experience.

e. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark and other proprietary and intellectual property rights, including moral rights.

f. “Optimized Site” means your website(s) or your select domain pages from your website, customized to provide an enhanced experience to end users on a Google TV Device that is compatible with the Google TV Platform and/or other substantially similar integrated television, video and web browsing devices. 

g. “Optimized Template” means the Google TV open-source templates located at http://code.google.com/tv/web/docs/gtv-templates.html (or its successor site) which may be updated from time to time.

2.   	COMPENSATION. Neither party will owe the other any fee or royalty under this Agreement and each party will bear its own costs in connection with the development and support activities described herein (if any).

3.   LICENSE GRANT.
a.  	You agree to grant Google, its affiliates, and its Distribution Partners a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, and fully paid-up license to adapt, reproduce, publish, publicly perform and publicly display your Optimized Site or Brand Feature solely to market and distribute: (i) as thumbnails or as a shortcut icon of the Optimized Site in the Google TV Device menu folder; (ii) in screenshots of the Google TV Device menu folder; (iii) on Google TV websites, Google official blogposts, Google affiliates’ website and Distribution Partners’ website; and (iv) in Google TV Device related packaging. For clarity, Google will not sub-license your Brand Features to its Distribution Partners unless Google enters into terms and conditions substantially similar to this Agreement. Any other uses of your Brand Features will require your prior written approval. All use by Google of your Brand Features (including any goodwill associated therewith) shall inure to benefit you. The parties may mutually agree to additional publicity of the Optimized Site.
b.    Google grants you a limited, worldwide, royalty-free, non- assignable and non-exclusive license to use the Optimized Template to develop your Optimized Site to run on the Google TV Platform or any other third party integrated television, video and web browsing devices.
c.        	Your use, reproduction and distribution of components of the Optimized Template (located at http://code.google.com/tv/web/docs/gtv-templates.html, or its successor site) are licensed under an open source software license and are governed solely by the terms of that open source software license and not this Agreement.
              d.        	This Agreement does not limit the rights and permissible uses that Google would have independent of this Agreement, including rights under the U.S. Copyright Act or other applicable intellectual property laws.
e. 	You agree that Google may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Optimized Template (or any features within the Optimized Template) to you at Google's sole discretion, without prior notice to you. 

4.	USE OF THE OPTIMIZED TEMPLATE.
a.	You agree that if you use the Optimized Template for general public users, you will protect the privacy and legal rights of those users.  
b.   	You agree that your use or integration of the Optimized Template will not violate or infringe any third party’s copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, patent or other intellectual property right of any person or defames any person or violates their rights of publicity or privacy.
c.	If Google in its sole discretion features your Optimized Site on the Google TV Device menu folder, you agree:
(i) to periodically test and ensure that the Optimized Site correctly triggers and renders on a Google TV Platform (in the general release version) and the Google TV Device and provide any reasonable updates or fixes as requested by Google;
(ii) to comply with Google’s then-current technical specifications related to the Google TV Platform, including without limitation, the Google TV Web Site Optimization Checklist (http://code.google.com/tv/web/docs/optimization_list.html), which may be updated from time to time; and
(iii) that the content made available on the Optimized Site is the same or substantially similar to the content made available on Company’s own website or select domain pages and that end users are able to view, access and use the Optimized Site without any user account requirements.

5.          	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  You represent and warrant that:
a. There exists no actual or potential conflict of interest concerning the Optimized Site.
b. You will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including tax laws and all relevant export laws and regulations and will not have citizens of countries to which the United States government prohibits export of software and related technology for the Optimized Site involving such materials.

6.   	INDEMNIFICATION.
a. You will defend and indemnify Google, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees and Distribution Partners from any third party claims related to or arising from: (i) your use of the Optimized Template; (ii) your Optimized Site or the content provided on the Optimized Site; (iii) your Brand Features or Intellectual Property Rights; or (iv) your breach of warranty, negligence, willful misconduct, fraud, misrepresentation, or violation of law.
b.   Google will have the right to approve any counsel retained to defend against any claim in which Google is named a defendant, and will not unreasonably withhold such approval.  Google will have the right to control and participate in the defense of any such claim concerning matters that relate to Google, and you will not settle any such claim without Google’s reasonable consent.  If, in Google’s reasonable judgment, a conflict exists between the interests of Google and you in such a claim, Google may retain its own counsel whose reasonable fees will be paid by you.

7.  	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  EXCEPT FOR INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 6: (A) NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES; AND (B) NEITHER PARTY'S LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE CONDUCT OF THE PARTIES IN FURTHERANCE HEREOF UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER CONTRACT, TORT, PRODUCT LIABILITY, BREACH OF IMPLIED DUTY OR OTHERWISE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE NET AMOUNT A PARTY HAS RECEIVED AND RETAINED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

8.    TERM AND TERMINATION. This Agreement will continue to apply for 2 years and will automatically renew for an additional one year term unless you provide 30 days’ prior written notice to Google with your intent not to renew the Agreement as set forth below.

a.  You may terminate this Agreement:  (i)  by ceasing your use of the Optimized Template; or (ii) if Google is in breach of its use of your Brand Features or this Agreement, but only after Google failed to cure such alleged breach in a manner not approved by you within your 30 days’ written notice of such alleged violation.

b.    Google may at any time, terminate this Agreement with you if:
(i) you have breached any provision of this Agreement; or (ii) Google is required to do so by law; or (iii) Google decides to no longer provide the Optimized Template or certain parts of the Optimized Template to users in the country in which you are resident, or the provision of the Optimized Template to you by Google is, in Google's sole discretion, is no longer commercially viable. 
c.    When this Agreement comes to an end, all of the legal rights, obligations and liabilities that you and Google have benefited from, been subject to (or which have accrued over time whilst this Agreement has been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, shall be unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of paragraph 9(c) shall continue to apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely. Termination is effective immediately unless otherwise specified in the termination notice.  

9.         	GENERAL.
a.  	You may not assign or transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement without Google’s prior written consent. Neither you nor Google shall be permitted to delegate their responsibilities or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written approval of the other party.
b.  	This Agreement does not create any agency or partnership relationship.
c.  	This Agreement is governed by California law, excluding California’s choice of law rules.  FOR ANY DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES CONSENT TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION IN, AND THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE OF, THE COURTS IN SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA. Notwithstanding this, you agree that Google shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.
d.  	All notices must be in writing and addressed to the attention of the other party’s Legal Department.  Notice will be deemed given: (a) when verified by written receipt if sent by personal courier, overnight courier, or mail; or (b) when verified by automated receipt or electronic logs if sent by facsimile or email.  
e.  	Sections 1, 2, 3((a) but only with respect to any marketing and packaging materials placed in distribution channels prior to termination or expiration of this Agreement), 3(c), 3(d), and 3(e),  5-9 will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.
f.   	This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties related to this Optimized Template (excluding any services which Google may provide to you under a separate written agreement), and completely replaces any prior agreements between you and Google in relation to the Optimized Template. 
g.  	Google may make changes to the Agreement as it distributes new versions of the Optimized Template.
h.  	You agree that if Google does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in this Agreement (or which Google has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of Google's rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to Google.
i.   	If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of this Agreement is invalid, then that provision will be removed from this Agreement without affecting the rest of this Agreement. The remaining provisions of this Agreement will continue to be valid and enforceable.
j.        	You acknowledge and agree that each member of the group of companies of which Google is the parent shall be third party beneficiaries to this Agreement and that such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of this Agreement that confers a benefit on (or rights in favor of) them. Other than this, no other person or company shall be third party beneficiaries to this Agreement.

Last Updated May 6, 2011


